we have a woman let me guess he's done
something crazy show me again I won't
break your neck well the movie was okay
Nebraskans escort that's Lynch with
moves Wow
I don't think you believe
I had a run-in with a space in there
raise your customers
[Laughter]
focus on that's the thing that killed my
man aliens
predators exploit weakness tracks its
prey again seems to enjoy it it's not a
predator that's a sports hunter well we
took a vote predators cool it right yeah
ex nagger with PTSD and then team that's
mental
you're insane right then launch fast and
you up their idea of tourism
figured something out I think we're
gonna die
just pointing it out
a big boys a hunter brought his dogs
with me
random
the predator only in theaters September
14th
you